Chore(AIGW): Review entity and provider schemas (#5907)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_ai_gateway_entities/ai-agent.md

## Set up an Agent

> Before creating an AI Agent with access restrictions, first create an AI Consumer Group to reference in [`access.acls`](#schema-aigateway-agent-access). The example below references a group named `internal-teams`—see [Set up an AI Consumer Group](/ai-gateway/entities/ai-consumer-group/#set-up-an-ai-consumer-group) to create it, or substitute the name of your own AI Consumer, AI Consumer Group, or Authenticated Group in `access.acls.allow`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before creating an AI Agent with access restrictions, create an AI Consumer Group to reference in [`access.acls`](#schema-aigateway-agent-access). 
This example references a group named `internal-teams`. See [Set up an AI Consumer Group](/ai-gateway/entities/ai-consumer-group/#set-up-an-ai-consumer-group) to create it, or substitute the name of your own AI Consumer, AI Consumer Group, or Authenticated Group in `access.acls.allow`.
```

The following example creates an `a2a` Agent that proxies traffic to an upstream A2A agent at `https://booking-agent.internal.kongair.com`, with statistics logging enabled and access restricted to the `internal-teams` Consumer Group.

{:.info}

> > This example proxies to a placeholder upstream at `https://booking-agent.internal.kongair.com`. Substitute the URL of your own running A2A agent in [`config.url`](#schema-aigateway-agent-config-url). Because this Agent has `type: a2a`, requests must use the A2A JSON-RPC envelope (`jsonrpc: "2.0"`, `id`, `method: "message/send"`, `params.message` with `kind` and `messageId`)—a flat `{"message": {...}}` body without that envelope is rejected by the upstream agent itself (for example, `"Invalid Request: jsonrpc must be 2.0"`), not by {{site.ai_gateway}}.

Reviewer: Both this item and the note about "AI Consumer Group to reference in [`access.acls`]" are prerequisites. They should be grouped together. Maybe this needs to be split into a short "prerequisites" section, and then the rest can be in a section titled "Example"?

Eg

```
## Set up an Agent

Blurb about setting up agents.

### Prerequisites

* Before creating an AI Agent with access restrictions, create an AI Consumer Group to reference in [`access.acls`](#schema-aigateway-agent-access). 
This example references a group named `internal-teams`. See [Set up an AI Consumer Group](/ai-gateway/entities/ai-consumer-group/#set-up-an-ai-consumer-group) to create it, or substitute the name of your own AI Consumer, AI Consumer Group, or Authenticated Group in `access.acls.allow`.

* Start an A2A agent and take note of its URL.

### Example

The following example creates an `a2a` Agent that proxies traffic to an upstream A2A agent at `https://booking-agent.internal.kongair.com`, with statistics logging enabled and access restricted to the `internal-teams` Consumer Group.

Replace the placeholder upstream URL `https://booking-agent.internal.kongair.com` with the URL of your own running A2A agent in [`config.url`](#schema-aigateway-agent-config-url). Because this Agent has `type: a2a`, requests must use the A2A JSON-RPC envelope (`jsonrpc: "2.0"`, `id`, `method: "message/send"`, `params.message` with `kind` and `messageId`)—a flat `{"message": {...}}` body without that envelope is rejected by the upstream agent itself (for example, `"Invalid Request: jsonrpc must be 2.0"`), not by {{site.ai_gateway}}.
```

Reviewer: Will address this in a follow-up.
